Developer Notice and Takedown Contacts:
According to the developers of this repo, the program, (or software,
repository or any other similar terms) is completely compliant with
any licensing, terms and conditions and copyright. If however, you
believe we may be using a copyrighted material, you see your own
copyrighted material on here and would like it removed, then please
do not hesitate to contact us. You can contact the repo owner on
the designated email of: thomassmithedu44@gmail.com.

Understanding of Various Licenses CC BY-SA 3.0:
To the users and individuals viewing this, please take notice that
the "SCP Foundation" and the content within it's websites, pages,
software and other materials are subject to varying licenses. Ma-
terials such as the SCP-173 image are subject to copyright prote-
ction, whereas most of the wiki is subject to the CC BY-SA 3.0, or
the "Creative Commonns 3.0 Share-Alike" license. For specific lic-
enses then please view the following web address which will lead
to the official wiki: https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/licensing-master-list

CC BY-SA 3.0 Requirements:
In order to use a work licensed under CC BY-SA 3.0, there are a
list of requirements required to be met before pusblishing of any
software and materials.
1. The name of the work is referenced
2. The author's name (or however they wish to be known as, inc-
luding any online aliases as long as they are in quotes, however
as stated by the wiki, you must use the author's real name or an-
y other alias they request, if you are contacted by them)
3. A link back to the source material or another form of reference
if it is offline
Please note that the following requirements was listed directly
in the SCP Foundation Wiki's "Licensing Guide", and so any di-
screpancies should be fowarded to us and also them. You can
view the licensing guide at:
https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/licensing-guide

Share-Alike:
This is the most important section, this work is released under
CC BY-SA 3.0 and so should any other works derived from the
SCP Foundation or this work. "Share-Alike" terms require that
any derived work be released under CC BY-SA so that other
people can use the same license. As the wiki states, it is not
enough to simply attribute the Foundation.

Developer Notice 2:
I suggest that you read the official licensing guide as this
was just a summary of the summary. If you only need the
basics, view the "Short Version" tab, if you are still not sure
then view the "Long Version" tab, and if your "field" is not
mentioned then click "For Specific Creator Types." The wiki
also has a specialised Licensing Team which you should
contact about any licensing related topics. If you think we
are in violation of the license, or there is a mistake in here,
then please contact us at: thomassmithedu44@gmail.com

 - Sincerely "Thomas Smith"

